Support Browser protocol at OAP (#4228)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/protocols/README.md

[SkyWalking Trace Data Protocol v3](Trace-Data-Protocol-v3.md) defines the communication way and format between agent and backend.

### Browser probe protocol

> The probe in [skywalking-client-js](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-client-js) cloud use this protocol to send to backendEnd. This service provided by gRPC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The browser probe, such as  [skywalking-client-js](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-client-js) could use this protocol to send to backend. This service provided by gRPC.
```
